_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Ph.D. Student in Intelligent Infrastructure Engineering & Computer Science

profile:
  align: right
  image: oguntoye_1.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Iowa State University</p>
    <p>Ames, Iowa</p>
    <p>Data Science & AI/ML Research</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

## Bridging Engineering and AI

I am a Ph.D. candidate at Iowa State University dedicated to modernizing civil infrastructure management. My work sits at the intersection of Civil Engineering and Computer Science, where I apply advanced machine learning techniques to real-world problems.

### My Core Focus:

**Machine Learning & Computer Vision:** Leveraging deep learning and automated vision systems to identify infrastructure defects and patterns.

**sUAS Data Acquisition:** Piloting drones and executing flight missions for high-fidelity data collection.

**Big Data Analytics:** Turning noisy, unstructured data into clear, actionable insights for maintenance planning.

**Decision Support:** Empowering engineers to prioritize maintenance tasks effectively using data-driven models.

When I'm not coding or researching, I'm likely analyzing a chess game or watching soccer.

Commit message:

Add contact links and Google Scholar to about page

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Ph.D. Student in Intelligent Infrastructure Engineering & Computer Science

profile:
  align: right
  image: oguntoye_1.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Iowa State University</p>
    <p>Ames, Iowa</p>
    <p>Data Science & AI/ML Research</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

## Bridging Engineering and AI

I am a Ph.D. candidate at Iowa State University dedicated to modernizing civil infrastructure management. My work sits at the intersection of Civil Engineering and Computer Science, where I apply advanced machine learning techniques to real-world problems.

### My Core Focus:

**Machine Learning & Computer Vision:** Leveraging deep learning and automated vision systems to identify infrastructure defects and patterns.

**sUAS Data Acquisition:** Piloting drones and executing flight missions for high-fidelity data collection.

**Big Data Analytics:** Turning noisy, unstructured data into clear, actionable insights for maintenance planning.

**Decision Support:** Empowering engineers to prioritize maintenance tasks effectively using data-driven models.

You can view my publications on [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=YOUR_SCHOLAR_ID). When I'm not coding or researching, I'm likely analyzing a chess game or watching soccer.

---

**Let's connect:**
📧 [oguntoye@iastate.edu](mailto:oguntoye@iastate.edu)
🔗 [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/kunleoguntoye)
✖️ [X/Twitter](https://x.com/kizzy_waynie)
